(Taken from a HN [thread](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=24581810))

1. **Do a start-of-week plan, and end-of-week review**. Pick a few milestones that are achievable this week. Hold yourself accountable and check in with yourself to see if you completed them. If you didn't, review why not. Did you snack too much? Did you get pulled into lower-priority meetings? Did you work on some other urgent stuff that is actually OK to drop your tasks for? Keep any insights at the top of your "weekly plans" doc so you can remind yourself of them and try to avoid making the same errors repeatedly. Breaking your long-term goals into milestones also gives you some "snack-like" satisfaction before you get to the finish line and earn the big payoff.

2. **Every day, pick a task that you're going to do "hell or high water"**. Try to get that done before you snack. Typically this is (a piece of) one of your weekly tasks. If your calendar is prone to getting filled up with meetings, block off some "maker time" on your calendar to get this task done. I find it helpful to preemptively schedule time slots for my project work at the beginning of the week even when my calendar is likely to remain open; it keeps me honest.

3. **Timebox your snacking**. If you feel like you need a break from longer-range tasks, you want to get an energy boost, etc., set a time-box, say "1 hours refactoring these tests", and try to return to your hell-or-high-water task after that timebox. I find it easy to go down the rabbit hole when I start snacking, especially if I get deep into the flow state. Flow is good! But it can lead you astray from your longer-term goals if you're flowing on something that's not your #1 priority.

As for the mechanics of tracking your work, I have used a personal Trello, todo.txt doc, Roam, GDoc, pen & paper -- this is immensely personal but just having a single place where you can go back and remind yourself what you were supposed to be working on is really helpful.